Tinker Pi Application
-----

The site has tutorials to help kids learn IoT and electronics by making projects.  It is currently in ASP.Net & SQL, and I want to move it to ASP.NET Core with GraphQL and Angular front end.  I want the tutorials to be more modular, and the current SQL is not conducive to that.  GraphQL will be much more flexible.

I would like to start out with just basic CRUD operations in an Admin interface.  I'd like the routing to reflect how the back end is split into "modules".  Here, "master" is a module in the database that may be a dozen or so tables.  Other modules for this app are "products" and "tutorials".

* GraphQL End Point:  (I will give you the queries, this is in case you need it -- no security at this point)

http://tinkerpiapi.azurewebsites.net/graphiql
http://tinkerpiapi.azurewebsites.net/graphql

* /admin-panel/master/people            : a list of people

--- The list is working.  The GraphQL:

```
{
  mstPeopleList
  {
    username
    firstName
    lastName
  }
}

```
--- The edit button in the list routes to /edit (no param).  That should have the id of the person in the list.

GraphQL:
{
  mstPeopleUpdate {
    personCode
    firstName
    lastName
    phoneNumber
  }
}
--- The delete button will delete from the list, but it also needs to delete from the database.

* /admin-panel/master/people/edit/xxx     : edit a person

--- This is currently pulling up a blank form.  It should be populated with the First/Last Name from the API call (I'll add more fields later)
--- The links in the left panel will be used in the next phase


* /admin-panel/master/people/view/xxx     : view a person
* /admin-panel/master/people/add          : add a person
* /admin-panel/master/people/delete/xxx   : delete a person



